RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” Acceptable Use Policy
1. Overview
Information Technology’s intentions for publishing an Acceptable Use Policy are not to impose
restrictions that are contrary to “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” established culture of
openness, trust and integrity. Information Technology is committed to protecting “Mercyhurst
CIRAT Program” employees, partners and the company from illegal or damaging actions by
individuals, either knowingly or unknowingly.
Internet/Intranet/Extranet-related systems, including but not limited to computer equipment,
software, operating systems, storage media, network accounts providing electronic mail, WWW
browsing, and FTP, are the property of “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”. These systems are to
be used for business purposes in serving the interests of the company, and of our clients and
customers in the course of normal operations. Please review Human Resources policies for
further details.
Effective security is a team effort involving the participation and support of every “Mercyhurst
CIRAT Program” employee and affiliate who deals with information and/or information
systems. It is the responsibility of every computer user to know these guidelines, and to conduct
their activities accordingly.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to outline the acceptable use of computer equipment at
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”. These rules are in place to protect the employee and
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”. Inappropriate use exposes “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”
to risks including virus attacks, compromise of network systems and services, and legal issues.
3. Scope
This policy applies to the use of information, electronic and computing devices, and network
resources to conduct “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” business or interact with internal
networks and business systems, whether owned or leased by “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”,
the employee, or a third party. All employees, contractors, consultants, temporary, and other
workers at “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” and its subsidiaries are responsible for exercising
good judgment regarding appropriate use of information, electronic devices, and network
resources in accordance with “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” policies and standards, and local
laws and regulation. Exceptions to this policy are documented in section 5.2
This policy applies to employees, contractors, consultants, temporaries, and other workers at
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”, including ali personnel affiliated with third parties. This
policy applies to all equipment that is owned or leased by “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”.

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
4. Policy
4.1 General Use and Ownership
4.1.1
4.1.2
4.1.3
4.1.6
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” proprietary information stored on electronic and
computing devices whether owned or leased by “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”, the
employee or a third party, remains the sole property of “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”.
You must ensure through legal or technical means that proprietary information is
protected in accordance with the Data Protection Standard.
You have a responsibility to promptly report the theft, loss or unauthorized disclosure of
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” proprietary information.
You may access, use or share “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” proprietary information
only to the extent it is authorized and necessary to fulfill your assigned job duties.
Employees are responsible for exercising good judgment regarding the reasonableness of
personal use. Individual departments are responsible for creating guidelines concerning
personal use of Internet/Intranet/Extranet systems. In the absence of such policies,
employees should be guided by departmental policies on personal use, and if there is any
uncertainty, employees should consult their supervisor or manager.
For security and network maintenance purposes, authorized individuals within
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” may monitor equipment, systems and network traffic
at any time, per Infosec's Audit Policy.
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” reserves the right to audit networks and systems on a
periodic basis to ensure compliance with this policy.
4.2 Security and Proprietary Information
4.2.1
4.2.2
4.2.3
4.2.4
All mobile and computing devices that connect to the internal network must comply with
the Minimum Access Policy.
System level and user level passwords must comply with the Password Policy. Providing
access to another individual, either deliberately or through failure to secure its access, is
prohibited.
All computing devices must be secured with a password-protected screensaver with the
automatic activation feature set to 10 minutes or less. You must lock the screen or log off
when the device is unattended.
Postings by employees from a “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” email address to
newsgroups should contain a disclaimer stating that the opinions expressed are strictly

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 their own and not necessarily those of “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”, unless posting
is during business duties.
4.2.5 Employees must use extreme caution when opening e-mail attachments received from
unknown senders, which may contain malware.
4.3 Unacceptable Use
The following activities are, in general, prohibited. Employees may be exempted from these
restrictions during the course of their legitimate job responsibilities (e.g., systems administration
staff may have a need to disable the network access of a host if that host is disrupting production
services).
Under no circumstances is an employee of “Mereyhurst CIRAT Program” authorized to
engage in any activity that is illegal under local, state, federal or international law while utilizing
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”-owned resources.
The lists below are by no means exhaustive, but attempt to provide a framework for activities
which fall into the category of unacceptable use.
4.3.1 System and Network Activities
The following activities are strictly prohibited, with no exceptions:
1. Violations of the rights of any person or company protected by copyright, trade secret,
patent or other intellectual property, or similar laws or regulations, including, but not
limited to, the installation or distribution of "pirated" or other software products that are
not appropriately licensed for use by “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”.
2. Unauthorized copying of copyrighted material including, but not limited to, digitization
and distribution of photographs from magazines, books or other copyrighted sources,
copyrighted music, and the installation of any copyrighted software for which
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” or the end user does not have an active license is
strictly prohibited.
3. Accessing data, a server or an account for any purpose other than conducting
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” business, even if you have authorized access, is
prohibited.
4. Exporting software, technical information, encryption software or technology, in
violation of international or regional export control laws, is illegal. The appropriate
management should be consulted prior to export of any material that is in question.
5. Introduction of malicious programs into the network or server (e.g., viruses, worms,
Trojan horses, e-mail bombs, etc.).
6. Revealing your account password to others or allowing use of your account by others.
This includes family and other household members when work is being done at home.

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
Using a “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” computing asset to actively engage in
procuring or transmitting material that is in violation of sexual harassment or hostile
workplace laws in the user's local jurisdiction.
Making fraudulent offers of products, items, or services originating from any
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” account.
Making statements about warranty, expressly or implied, unless it is a part of normal job
duties.
Effecting security breaches or disruptions of network communication. Security breaches
include, but are not limited to, accessing data of which the employee is not an intended
recipient or logging into a server or account that the employee is not expressly authorized
to access, unless these duties are within the scope of regular duties. For purposes of this
section, "disruption" includes, but is not limited to, network sniffing, pinged floods,
packet spoofing, denial of service, and forged routing information for malicious purposes.
Port scanning or security scanning is expressly prohibited unless prior notification to
Infosec is made.
Executing any form of network monitoring which will intercept data not intended for the
employee's host, unless this activity is a part of the employee's normal job/duty.
Circumventing user authentication or security of any host, network or account.
Introducing honeypots, honeynets, or similar technology on the “Mercyhurst CIRAT
Program” network.
Interfering with or denying service to any user other than the employee's host (for
example, denial of service attack).
Using any program/script/command, or sending messages of any kind, with the intent to
interfere with, or disable, a user's terminal session, via any means, locally or via the
Internet/Intranet/Extranet.
Providing information about, or lists of, “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” employees to
parties outside “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”.
Email and Communication Activities
When using company resources to access and use the Internet, users must realize they represent
the company. Whenever employees state an affiliation to the company, they must also clearly
indicate that "the opinions expressed are my own and not necessarily those of the company".
Questions may be addressed to the Information Technology Department

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
Sending unsolicited email messages, including the sending of "junk mail" or other
advertising material to individuals who did not specifically request such material (email
spam).
Any form of harassment via email, telephone or paging, whether through language,
frequency, or size of messages.
Unauthorized use, or forging, of email header information.
Solicitation of email for any other email address, other than that of the poster's account,
with the intent to harass or to collect replies.
Creating or forwarding "chain letters", "Ponzi" or other "pyramid" schemes of any type.
Use of unsolicited email originating from within Mercyhurst University or the CIRAT
Program’s networks of other Internet/Intranet/Extranet service providers on behalf of, or
to advertise, any service hosted by VNET, Mercyhurst University or connected via
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” network.
Posting the same or similar non-business-related messages to large numbers of Usenet
newsgroups (newsgroup spam).
Blogging and Social Media
Blogging, vlogging, and social media in general is no permitted in the CIRAT Program
spaces.
5. Policy Compliance
5.1 Compliance Measurement
The Mercyhurst Information Technology team will verify compliance to this policy through
various methods, including but not limited to, business tool reports, internal and external audits,
and feedback to the policy owner.
5.2 Exceptions
Any exception to the policy must be approved by the Infosec team in advance.
5.3 Non-Compliance
An employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and
including termination of employment.
6. Related Standards, Policies and Processes
Data Classification Policy

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 e Data Protection Standard
e Social Media Policy
e Minimum Access Policy
e Password Policy
7. Definitions and Terms
The following definition and terms can be found in the SANS Glossary located at:
https://www.sans.org/security-resources/glossary-of-terms/
¢ Blogging
e Honeypot
e Honeynet
e Proprietary Information
e Spam


8. Revision History



Date of Change | Responsible Summary of Change
February 3 Randy Gindy Modified existing template free use template for
2022 (Mercyhurst use in the CIRAT Program spaces.
University
Information
Technology)
Signature Date
Randy Gindy
Security Administrator & System Architect
Mercyhurst University IT Department

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 Mercyhurst CIRAT Lab Security Policy
1. Overview
See Purpose.
2. Purpose
This policy establishes the information security requirements to help manage and safeguard lab
resources and “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” networks by minimizing the exposure of critical
infrastructure and information assets to threats that may result from unprotected hosts and
unauthorized access.
3. Scope
This policy applies to all employees, contractors, consultants, temporary and other workers at
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” and its subsidiaries must adhere to this policy. This policy applies to
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” managed labs.
4. Policy
4.1 General Requirements
4.1.1 Lab owning organizations are responsible for assigning lab managers, a point of contact
(POC), and a back-up POC for each lab. Lab owners must maintain up to date POC
information with Information Technology and the CIRAT Program Manager.
4.1.2 Lab managers are responsible for the security of their labs and the lab's impact on the
corporate production network and any other networks. Lab managers are responsible for
adherence to this policy and associated processes. Where policies and procedures are
undefined lab managers must do their best to safeguard “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”
from security vulnerabilities.
4.1.3 Lab managers are responsible for the lab's compliance with all “Mercyhurst CIRAT
Program” security policies.
4.1.4 The CIRAT Program manager is responsible for controlling lab access. Access to any
given lab will only be granted by the CIRAT Program manager, to those individuals with
an immediate business need within the lab, either short-term or as defined by their
ongoing job function. This includes continually monitoring the access list to ensure that
those who no longer require access to the lab have their access terminated.
4.1.5 All user passwords must comply with “Mercyhurst University” Password Policy.
4.1.6 Individual user accounts on any lab device must be deleted when the scope of the project
ends or if other reason is given.
4.1.7 PC-based lab computers must have “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” 's standard, supported
anti-virus software installed and scheduled to run at regular intervals. In addition, the
anti-virus software and the virus pattern files must be kept up to date. Virus-infected
computers must be removed from the network until they are verified as virus-free. Lab
Admins/Lab Managers are responsible for creating procedures that ensure anti-virus
software is run at regular intervals, and computers are verified as virus-free.

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 4.1.8 Any activities with the intention to create and/or distribute malicious programs into
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” 's networks (e.g., viruses, worms, Trojan horses, e-mail
bombs, etc.) are prohibited, in accordance with the Acceptable Use Policy.
4.1.9 Immediate access to premises, equipment, system logs, and data must be granted to the
CIRAT Program manager, approved members of Information Technology, or Mercyhurst
University administration upon request.
4.1.10 The Mercyhurst University CIRAT Program manager and Information Technology will
not address non-compliance waiver requests.
4.2 Internal Lab Security Requirements
4.2.1 The Network Support Organization must maintain a firewall device between the
corporate production network and all lab equipment.
4.2.2 The CIRAT Program manager, Information Technology, or Mercyhurst University
administration and/or reserve the right to interrupt lab connections that impact the
corporate production network negatively or pose a security risk.
4.2.3 The Network Support Organization must record all lab IP addresses, which are routed
within “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” networks, in Enterprise Address Management
database along with current contact information for that lab.
4.2.4 Any lab that wants to add an external connection must provide a diagram and
documentation to InfoSec with business justification, the equipment, and the IP address
space information. InfoSec will review for security concerns and must approve before
such connections are implemented.
4.2.5 All traffic between the corporate production and the lab network must go through a
Network Support Organization maintained firewall. Lab network devices (including
wireless) must not cross-connect the lab and production networks.
4.2.6 Original firewall configurations and any changes thereto must be reviewed and approved
by InfoSec. InfoSec may require security improvements as needed.
4.2.7 Labs are prohibited from engaging in port scanning, network auto-discovery, traffic
spamming/flooding, and other similar activities that negatively impact the corporate
network and/or non-” Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” networks. These activities must be
restricted within the lab.
4.2.8 Traffic between production networks and tab networks, as well as traffic between
separate lab networks, is permitted based on business needs and if the traffic does not
negatively impact on other networks. Labs must not advertise network services that may
compromise production network services or put lab confidential information at risk.
4.2.9 Information Technology reserves the right to audit all lab-related data and administration
processes at any time, including but not limited to, inbound and outbound packets,
firewalls and network peripherals.

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 4.2.10 In labs where non-” Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” personnel have physical access (e.g.,
training labs), direct connectivity to the corporate production network is not allowed.
Additionally, no “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” confidential information can reside on
any computer equipment in these labs. Connectivity for authorized personnel from these
labs can be allowed to the corporate production network only if authenticated against the
Corporate Authentication servers, temporary access lists (lock and key), SSH, client
VPNs, or similar technology approved by InfoSec.
4.2.11 Lab networks with external connections are prohibited from connecting to the corporate
production network or other internal networks through a direct connection, wireless
connection, or other computing equipment.


Revision History



Date of Change | Responsible Summary of Change
Ferbuary 3 2022 | Randy Gindy Modified free existing Lab security policy for use
(Mercyhurst in CIRAT Program spaces.
University
Information
Technology)
Signature Date
Randy Gindy
Security Administrator & System Architect
Mercyhurst University IT Department
501 East 38" Street
Erie, PA 16546
814-824-2131
mercyhurst.edu ———— UNIVERSITY ————_-
RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 Mercyhurst University CIRAT Program Server Security Policy
1. Overview
Unsecured and vulnerable servers continue to be a major entry point for malicious threat actors.
Consistent Server installation policies, ownership and configuration management are all about doing the
basics well.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to establish standards for the base configuration of internal server
equipment that is owned and/or operated by Mercyhurst University CIRAT Program.
Effective implementation of this policy will minimize unauthorized access to Mercyhurst
University CIRAT Program proprietary information and technology.
3. Scope
All employees, contractors, consultants, temporary and other workers at Mercyhurst University CIRAT
Program, Mercyhurst Information Technology, and hired contractors must adhere to this policy. This
policy applies to server equipment that is owned, operated, or leased by Mercyhurst University CIRAT
Program or registered under a Mercyhurst University CIRAT Program -owned internal network domain.
4. Policy
4.1 General Requirements
4.1.1 All internal servers deployed at Mercyhurst University CIRAT Program must be
owned by an operational group that is responsible for system administration. Approved
server configuration guides must be established and maintained by each operational
group, based on business needs and approved by InfoSec. Operational groups should
monitor configuration compliance and implement an exception policy tailored to their
environment. Each operational group must establish a process for changing the
configuration guides, which includes review and approval by InfoSec. The following
items must be met:
e Servers must be registered within the corporate enterprise management system. At a
minimum, the following information is required to positively identify the point of
contact:
o Server contact(s) and location, and a backup contact
o Hardware and Operating System/Version
o Main functions and applications, if applicable
e Information in the corporate enterprise management system must be kept up-to-date.
e Configuration changes for production servers must follow the appropriate change
management procedures
4.1.2 For security, compliance, and maintenance purposes, authorized personnel may monitor
and audit equipment, systems, processes, and network traffic per the Audit Policy.

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 4.2 Configuration Requirements
4.2.1 Operating System configuration should be in accordance with approved Information
Technology guidelines.
4.2.2 Services and applications that will not be used must be disabled where practical.
4.2.3 Access to services should be logged and/or protected through access-contro! methods
such as a web application firewall, if possible.
4.2.4 The most recent security patches must be installed on the system as soon as practical, the
only exception being when immediate application would interfere with business
requirements.
4.2.5 Trust relationships between systems are a security risk, and their use should be avoided.
Do not use a trust relationship when some other method of communication is sufficient.
4.2.6 Always use standard security principles of least required access to perform a function.
Do not use root when a non-privileged account will do.
4.2.7 Ifamethodology for secure channel connection is available (1.e., technically feasible),
privileged access must be performed over secure channels, (e.g., encrypted network
connections using SSH or IPSec).
4.2.8 Servers should be physically located in an access-controlled environment.
4.2.9 Servers are specifically prohibited from operating from uncontrolled cubicle areas.
4.3 Monitoring
4.3.1 All security-related events on critical or sensitive systems must be logged and audit trails
saved as follows:
e All security related logs will be kept online for a minimum of 1 month.
e Monthly backups will be retained for a minimum of 2 years.
4.3.2 Security-related events will be reported to the CIRAT Program Manager and Information
Technology, who will review logs and reports. Corrective measures will be prescribed as
needed. Security-related events include, but are not limited to:
e Port-scan attacks
e Evidence of unauthorized access to privileged accounts
e Anomalous occurrences that are not related to specific applications on the host.
5. Policy Compliance
5.1 Compliance Measurement
The Infosec team will verify compliance to this policy through various methods, including but
not limited to, periodic walk-thrus, video monitoring, business tool reports, internal and external
audits, and feedback to the policy owner.
5.2 Exceptions
Any exception to the policy must be approved by the Infosec team in advance.

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 5.3 Non-Compliance
An employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and
including termination of employment.
6 Related Standards, Policies and Processes
e Audit Policy

7 Revision History

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 Mercyhurst CIRAT Lab Data Transfer Policy
1. Overview
See Purpose,
2. Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to ensure the data transmitted/transferred between University IT Resources
and a third party is secure.
3. Scope
This policy applies to all employees, contractors, consultants, temporary and other workers at
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” and its subsidiaries must adhere to this policy. This policy applies to
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Programm” managed labs.
4. Policy
Transmission of data to or from Mercyhurst University to a third party must be reviewed and approved
by Information Technology and CIRAT Program Management. The requestor must submit a service
request to initiate a third-party data transfer request to. Any third-party vendor that stores the
University’s data must have a signed contract with the University. A secure transmission method must
be used which will be evaluated and decided on a case-by-case basis.
Data stored for third party's will be stored on servers containing only that projects data. Servers and
data are encrypted. Data will be stored on separate SAN storage and siloed from one another.
Data stored in the CIRAT Lab spaces is separate from the rest of the University network physically with
individual infrastructure up to the University main firewall. Servers in this space are stored in a locking
cabinet in a separate locked closet. Any infrastructure feeding this room fiber, copper, etc. is also locked
in closets only accessible to IT.


Revision History
Date of Change Responsible Summary of Change
Ferbuary 3 2022 | Randy Gindy Modified free existing Lab security policy for use
(Mercyhurst in CIRAT Program spaces.
University
Information Technology)
RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
Signature BS Date _ 2/3/2022
Security Administrator & System Architect
Mercyhurst University {T Department


RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 Mercyhurst University CIRAT Program Password Protection Policy
1. Overview
Passwords are an important aspect of computer security. A poorly chosen password may result
in unauthorized access and/or exploitation of our resources, All staff, including contractors and
vendors with access to “Mercyhurst University CIRAT Program” systems, are responsible for
taking the appropriate steps, as outlined below, to select and secure their passwords.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to establish a standard for creation of strong passwords and the
protection of those passwords.
3. Scope
The scope of this policy includes all personnel who have or are responsible for an account (or
any form of access that supports or requires a password) on any system that resides at any
facility, has access to the “Mercyhurst University CIRAT Program” network, or stores any
non-public “Mercyhurst University CIRAT Program” information.
4. Policy
4.] Password Creation
4.1.1 All user-level and system-level passwords must conform to the Mercyhurst University
Password Policy
4.1.2 Users must use a separate, unique password for each of their work-related accounts.
Users may not use any work-related passwords for their own, personal accounts.
4.1.3 User accounts that have system-level privileges granted through group memberships or
programs such as sudo must have a unique password from all other accounts held by that
user to access system-level privileges. In addition, it is highly recommended that some
form of multi-factor authentication is used for any privileged accounts
4.2 Password Change
4.2.1 Passwords are currently set to be changed every 90 days as enforced by the Mercyhurst
University Password Policy
4.2.2 Password cracking or guessing may be performed on a periodic or random basis by the
Infosec Team or its delegates. If a password is guessed or cracked during one of these
scans, the user wili be required to change it to be in compliance with the Password
Construction Guidelines.
4.3 Password Protection
4.3.1 Passwords must not be shared with anyone, including supervisors and coworkers. All
passwords are to be treated as sensitive, Confidential <Company Name> information.
 4.3.2
4.3.3
4.3.4
4.3.5
4.4 4.4.1
501 East 38 Street
Erie, PA 16546
814-824-2131

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
Corporate Information Security recognizes that legacy applications do not support proxy
systems in place. Please refer to the technical reference for additional details.
Passwords must not be inserted into email messages, Alliance cases or other forms of
electronic communication, nor revealed over the phone to anyone.
Passwords may be stored only in “password managers” authorized by the organization.
Do not use the “Remember Password" feature of applications (for example, web
browsers).
Any user suspecting that his/her password may have been compromised must report the
incident and change all passwords.
Multi-Factor Authentication
Multi-factor authentication is enforced for every account at Mercyhurst University.
5. Policy Compliance
5.1 Compliance Measurement
The Infosec team will verify compliance to this policy through various methods, including but
not limited to, periodic walk-thrus, video monitoring, business tool reports, internal and external
audits, and feedback to the policy owner.
5.2 Exceptions
Any exception to the policy must be approved by the Infosec Team in advance.
5.3 Non-Compliance
An employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and
including termination of employment.

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES

7 Revision History
Date of Change Responsible Summary of Change
February 3 2022 | Randy Gindy Modified free existing password protection policy
(Mercyhurst for use in CIRAT Program spaces.
University
Information
Technology)
Signature Date
Randy Gindy
Security Administrator & System Architect
Mercyhurst University IT Department

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 Wireless Communication Policy
1. Overview
With the mass explosion of Smart Phones and Tablets, pervasive wireless connectivity is almost a given
at any organization. Insecure wireless configuration can provide an easy open door for malicious threat
actors.
2. Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to secure and protect the information assets owned by “Mercyhurst
CIRAT Program”. “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” provides computer devices, networks, and
other electronic information systems to meet missions, goals, and initiatives. “Mercyhurst
CIRAT Program” grants access to these resources as a privilege and must manage them
responsibly to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of all information assets.
This policy specifies the conditions that wireless infrastructure devices must satisfy to connect to
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” network. Only those wireless infrastructure devices that meet
the standards specified in this policy or are granted an exception by the Information Security
Department are approved for connectivity to a “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” network.
3. Scope
All employees, contractors, consultants, temporary and other workers at “Mercyhurst CIRAT
Program”, including all personnel affiliated with third parties that maintain a wireless
infrastructure device on behalf of “Mereyhurst CIRAT Program” must adhere to this policy.
This policy applies to all wireless infrastructure devices that connect to a “Mercyhurst CIRAT
Program” network or reside on a “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” site that provide wireless
connectivity to endpoint devices including, but not limited to, laptops, desktops, cellular phones,
and tablets. This includes any form of wireless communication device capable of transmitting
packet data.
4. Policy
4.1 General Policy
The “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” does not maintain or allow employees, contractors,
consultants, temporary and other workers to use or communicate data and information over
wireless technologies such as wireless, Bluetooth, cellular data, etc.
501 East 38*" Street
Erie, PA 16546
814-824-2131
mercyhurst.edu ———— UNIVERSITY ————
RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 

Revision History



Date of Change Responsible Summary of Change
February 3 2022 | Randy Gindy Modified existing free wireless policy for use in
(Mercyhurst CIRAT Program Spaces
University
Information
Technology)
Signature Date
Randy Gindy
Security Administrator & System Architect
Mercyhurst University IT Department
501 East 38" Street
Ge a Erie, PA 16546
\ f 814-824-2131
Uy) mercyhurst.edu ——— UNIVERSITY ———Y
RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
Mercyhurst University CIRAT Program Email Policy
1 Overview
Electronic email is pervasively used in almost all industry verticals and is often the primary
communication and awareness method within an organization. At the same time, misuse of email can
post many legal, privacy and security risks, thus it’s important for users to understand the appropriate
use of electronic communications.
2 Purpose
The purpose of this email policy is to ensure the proper use of “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” email
system and make users aware of what “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” deems as acceptable and
unacceptable use of its email system. This policy outlines the minimum requirements for use of email
within “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” Network.
3 Scope
This policy covers appropriate use of any email sent from a “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”
email address and applies to all employees, vendors, and agents operating on behalf of
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” .
4 Policy
4.1 Ali use of email must be consistent with “Mercyhurst CERAT Program” policies and
procedures of ethical conduct, safety, compliance with applicable laws and proper business
practices.
4.2 “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” email account should be used primarily for “Mercyhurst
CIRAT Program” business-related purposes; personal communication is permitted on a
limited basis, but non-” Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” related commercial uses are
prohibited.
4.3 All “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” data contained within an email message, or an
attachment must be secured according to the Data Protection Standard.
4.4 Email should be retained only if it qualifies as a “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” business record.
Email is a “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” business record if there exists a legitimate and ongoing
business reason to preserve the information contained in the email.
4.5 Email that is identified as a “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” business record shall be retained
according to “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” Record Retention Schedule.

RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 4.6 The “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” email system shall not to be used for the creation or
distribution of any disruptive or offensive messages, including offensive comments about
trace, gender, hair color, disabilities, age, sexual orientation, pornography, religious beliefs
and practice, political beliefs, or national origin. Employees who receive any emails with
this content from any “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” employee should report the matter
to their supervisor immediately.
4.7 Users are prohibited from automatically forwarding “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” email
to a third-party email system (noted in 4.8 below). Individual messages which are
forwarded by the user must not contain “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” confidential or
above information.
4.8 Users are prohibited from using third-party email systems and storage servers such as
Google, Yahoo, and MSN Hotmail etc. to conduct “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program”
business, to create or memorialize any binding transactions, or to store or retain email on
behalf of “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” Such communications and transactions should
be conducted through proper channels using “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” -approved
documentation.
4.9 Using a reasonable amount of “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” resources for personal
emails is acceptable, but non-work-related email shall be saved in a separate folder from
work related email. Sending chain letters or joke emails from a “Mereyhurst CIRAT
Program” email account is prohibited.
4.10 “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” employees shall have no expectation of privacy in
anything they store, send or receive on the company’s email system.
4.11 “Mercyhurst CIRAT Program” may monitor messages without prior notice.
“Mercyhurst CIRAT Program?” is not obliged to monitor email messages.
5 Policy Compliance
5.1 Compliance Measurement
The Infosec team will verify compliance to this policy through various methods, including but
not limited to, periodic walkthroughs, video monitoring, business tool reports, internal and
external audits, and feedback to the policy owner.
5.2 Exceptions
Any exception to the policy must be approved by the CIRAT Program Manager and Mercyhurst
University Information Technology team in advance.
5.3 Non-Compliance
An employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and
including termination of employment.
RIDGE COLLEGE OF INTELLIGENCE STUDIES AND APPLIED SCIENCES
 

Revision History



Date of Change | Responsible Summary of Change
February 3 2022 | Randy Gindy Modified free existing email policy for use in
(Mercyhurst CIRAT Program Spaces.
University
Information
Technology)
Signature Date
Randy Gindy
Security Administrator & System Architect
Mercyhurst University IT Department
